hi there I'm Robert Zoellick with the
owner of silent surf shop and I'm just
going to give you a quick tour of our
shop we were also called the Hawaii
stand up paddle headquarters so we have
probably the best selection all-around
selection of stand-up paddle boards and
paddles of any shop in Hawaii definitely
on Oahu and we have including race
boards not too many other shops you can
carry various sports I'll give you a
little tour of our shop we have a lot of
paddles we have our own line of boots on
it paddles we have you know starting
pals starting at $79 all the way up to
the quick Glade elite racer or the magic
racers which are for a lot of cool pals
from Keele or quick lads warner paddles
we have some of the new pals by cuñado
which are very nice and light great
paddles Starboard's aqua glide Riviera
lots of different choices of pals and so
got a great selection what else have
free stuff we give away like right now
we have all these stand-up paddle
magazines so if you're in the shop you
got to grab a bunch those are free we
got just a new starboard catalog GoPro
cameras let's take a look we have free
though huh yeah those aren't sorry ok ok
well so yeah we have the GoPro cameras
including the new HD 2 camera we have
the bomber eyewear which is great for
water sports exploding floating Tyler
$40 of Keith got a great selection of
center fins stand up pal and surfing
center fins racing pins also lots of
those then why don't you follow me back
here behind the counter we got lots of
different products by surf Cole Knowles
gods tails tail guards we got rail tape
we got paddle guard we got easy stick on
handles we got the Aqua box waterproof
smartphone case lots of different
action repair repair kits videos and
hats over here we have you know a lots
of pins we have more pins in the back
also leashes lots of different leashes
Carver surf racks for bicycles fins you
know body surfing and bodyboarding fins
lots of stuff in the back also look if
you look back you you'll see a big
selection of longer boards anything over
11 feet we have in the back side if you
come in the front don't forget to check
out the back of the store we have lots
of different ceiling storage racks wall
racks for surfboards and stand up boards
we also do monthly board storage if you
want to store your board we can store it
for you and we'd also repair stand up
boards epoxy stand up board repair well
we have probably the biggest selection
of rent rental stand up boards anywhere
and we apply rental fees towards the
purchase these are all our bigger rental
boards and we have some more in the
front let's go and check out check out
that side we have rash guards and board
shorts for men women and kids big
selection of all different kind of get
this is a sandwich our construction
bullet we got some race boards 14-foot
bullet as well we have you know boards
buy lots of different brands including
right now star boards we have some board
works boards c4 surf tech imagine sold
out ever paddle towels to for ye nectar
and our own Blue Planet brand boards so
if I have the biggest selection you can
feel fine and many of them are available
as rental boards to show you on some of
our rentals over here we have bringing
out a new line of inflatable Santa
boards that are going to be available in
February of 2012 these are all these are
some of our more high performance rental
boards including this one here which we
just made into a rental so yeah it's a
10 a 10 in
hey ten points good yeah good so this is
a brand new boy we just turned it into a
rental it's gonna be available for rent
twenty nine bucks a day how hard to beat
that deal we got lots of you don't pads
for boards and soft racks racks adds
some t-shirts we have board socks
including socks for stand-up boards and
surfboards big selection of you know
rental paddles and all that sizes and
then board bags for stand up boards
surfboards everything from short board
short board sign up boards to 18 foot
race boards we have a bag for it so you
need a travel bag or the expensive date
bag we got those too yeah we also have
the altered Electric skateboards which
are super cool off-road Electric
skateboards fast and exciting it's a
cool sport so those are available I
don't actually exclusively through Blue
Planet Wireless electric skateboard so
we have lots of different choices of
deck pads we have deck pads by on a
mission this is the dancing deck toy
which is cool we have some blue planet
deck pads we have some focus decks has a
kind FCF all kinds of choices of deck
pads attraction this is a rack of race
board here we've got lots of choices of
twelve six fourteen foot and unlimited
race boards so but I think we have
usually at least ten or twelve race
boards in our shop at any time so a good
selection of those and some also some
use ones at very reasonable prices so
there's some also hanging under the
ceiling in front of the counter we got
lots of lots of choices and we have the
experience to help you find the right
one that for your that suits your style
and needs and your the conditions that
you'll use it in an avid racer myself so
I like to talk about the racing and
that's probably why I have so many race
boards here some of our shorter stand-up
boards you know if you want to really
push the short length we got for example
here use
Nash 7/8 Hoku aboard 7/8 by 29 and a
half this is sweet board we have a
starboard rush which is 74 by 30 to the
7s 7:10 fish which is 31 and a half so
this is a very stable wide board even I
can ride this easily each six wide
ripper pocket rocket then this the 8 v
pro starboard so we got lots of choices
including a lot of the brush carbon
construction by starboard which is super
light very high-performance those boards
are awesome everybody that's gotten the
brush carbon has been raving about them
they're awesome boards you know we also
have some nice selection of board shorts
let's say all right now going on where
everything on this table here is $5
there's some great gift items including
like these gifts girls backpacks that we
used to sell for $29 and not just five
dollars from a great little backpack
with inner pockets and cell phone bag on
it mesh pocket inside these are only
five dollars right now I'm coming blue
and black what a deal and I think it
covered it all